Bios (#98)
adoptingerlang/adoptingerlang: adoptingerlang.org

Fred is the author of [[https://learnyousomeerlang.com][_Learn You Some Erlang_]], [[https://erlang-in-anger.com][_Erlang in Anger_]], and more recently, [[https://propertesting.com][_Property-Based Testing with PropEr, Erlang, and Elixir_]]. He is a maintainer of Rebar3, and of libraries such as recon, pobox, vmstats, and backoff.

> He is a senior infrastructure developer at Honeycomb. Previously, he was a Systems Architect at Genetec, a company offering video systems, access control, case management, and IoT integration systems, and was also a principal member of technical staff on the Heroku platform, worked in real-time bidding, and provided Erlang training.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
He is a Staff SRE at Honeycomb, helping with systems reliability, incident response, and tooling. He previously held various senior and staff roles on engineering teams as a software developer most often working with Erlang at companies such as Postmates, Genetec, and Heroku.
```
